---
layout: default
permalink: /terms/
---

# Terms of Service
Thanks for choosing RDA Corporation (RDA)! Please carefully read these terms of use as they form a part of the legal agreement between you and RDA. 
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF USE, EITHER BY CLICKING A BOX INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR BY EXECUTING AN ORDER THAT REFERENCES THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THE AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS "YOU", "YOUR" OR "CUSTOMER" SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY AND ITS AFFILIATES AS APPLICABLE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE.
These Terms of Use together with the applicable Order(s) form the full legal agreement (the "Agreement") between Customer and RDA Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and is made as of the date the Customer first completes an Order and accepts these Terms of Use ("Effective Date"). If you are a User of the Service on behalf of Customer, and RDA and Customer have entered into a separate written agreement regarding the Service which is signed by Customer and RDA, then the terms of that agreement (and not these Terms of Use) define the terms and conditions under which Customer and User is permitted to use the Service.
## DEFINITIONS. 
a)	"Affiliate" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. "Control," for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
b)	"Applicable Law" means international, federal, state or local treaties, laws, rules, regulations or ordinances applicable to the provision or use of the Service.
c)	"Customer" (or "you" or "your") means the person, company, or other legal entity on behalf of which the Order and these Terms of Use are accepted.
d)	"Customer Applications" mean the applications, web domains, devices, software applications, and communication channels owned or controlled by Customer and used in connection with the Service.
e)	"Customer Data" means all data and content submitted directly or indirectly by Customer and processed or stored by the Service.
f)	"Documentation" means the RDA online documentation for the Service, as updated from time to time and available at: http://github.com/alertmehub/alertme-component-angular
g)	"Email" is an electronic message sent by the Service.
h)	"Malicious Code" means code, files, scripts, agents or programs intended to do harm including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses.

i)	"Order" means an ordering document (online or otherwise) entered into between Customer and RDA specifying the Service to be provided, including any addenda, exhibits, schedules, and additional terms relevant to a specific Service referenced therein.
j)	"Privacy Policy" means the RDA policy describing how Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy) is collected, used, and disclosed. The most recent version is available herein:  see Appendix A.
k)	"Prohibited Data" means: (a) government issued ID numbers such as passport numbers, taxpayer numbers, driver’s license numbers, and social security numbers; (b) individual medical or health information (including, for example, protected health information under HIPAA); (c) individual financial information or full account numbers (including, without limitation, primary account numbers); (d) security codes or passwords (excluding one-time password resets); or (e) "sensitive personal data" under the Directive 95/46/EC, (or after 25 May 2018, "special classes of data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation) of EU residents or similar information under other comparable laws or regulations.
l)	"Recipient" means the person receiving an Email or SMS text.
m)	 "Service" means RDA’s: (a) proprietary alert subscription and publishing software as a service as specified in the Order; and (b) other related services as may be specified in the Order. "Service" includes the RDA Component, but excludes Third Party Applications.  
n)	"RDA Data" means all software, documentation, scripts, images, videos, data, templates, information, and other content provided with the Website or Service.
o)	"RDA Component" means RDA’s proprietary code made available by RDA for use in connection with the Service.  
p)	"Term of Use" means these RDA Terms of Use and all terms included as URL links referenced therein.
q)	"Text" means an electronic message sent via an SMS Text service.
r)	"Third Party Applications" means third party web-based or offline software applications, operating systems, platforms, networks, certificates, or devices that interoperate with the Service. For purposes of clarity, Third Party Applications do not include any subcontractors of RDA.
s)	"User" means an individual who is authorized by Customer to use the Service on its behalf and to whom Customer (or RDA at Customer’s request) has supplied a login ID, password, and/or API key to access and use the Service ("User ID"). Users may include Customer’s employees, consultants, contractors and agents, but may not include any competitors of RDA.
t)	"Website" means the URL www.RDA.com or such other URLs designated by RDA from time to time.


1)	ORDERS; ACCOUNT; TERM; SERVICE. 
a)	Eligibility. To use the Service, Customer must: (a) be at least 18 years old if a natural person; (b) be legally able to enter into contracts; (c) complete an Order; and (d) agree to these Terms of Use.
b)	Ordering. Customer may complete an Order either through the automated signup process found on the Website or by executing a Statement of Work signed by RDA. The specifics of Customer’s order will be set forth on one or more Orders that reference these Terms of Use. Customer’s execution of an Order and RDA’s acceptance of such Order constitute a binding commitment to purchase the products and services described on such Order under the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use.
c)	Subscriptions. The Service is purchased as a subscription to access and use the Service, in accordance with the applicable Order, only during the Term.
d)	Account. After Customer has completed its first Order under the Agreement, RDA will grant Customer a unique account to access the Service (an "Account").  Customer is responsible for the confidentiality and use of all User IDs, passwords, and API Keys. Customer acknowledges that any transaction completed through Customer’s Account is deemed authorized by Customer. Customer remains solely responsible for all costs, fees, liabilities, and damages arising out of access to the Account through its User ID(s).  
e)	Term of Agreement. The Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues until all Orders entered into under these Terms of Use have expired or have been terminated.
f)	Term of Order. Customer’s subscription to the Service shall be as specified in the applicable Order (the "Initial Term"). Except as may otherwise be expressly specified in an Order, subscriptions will automatically renew for additional successive periods of equal duration to the Initial Term (each, a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party gives the other notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the end of the Term. The applicable fee for any Renewal Term will be determined using RDA’s then-current list price applicable for such renewed Service unless different renewal pricing is specified in the Order, in which case, the renewal pricing specified in the Order will apply.  
g)	Provision of Service. During the Term, RDA shall: (a) make the Service available to Customer pursuant to these Terms of Use, the Documentation, and the applicable Order; and (b) provide technical support for the Service. Customer’s access to and use of the Service is conditioned on connecting to the Service using the applicable RDA Component and APIs; connecting to the Service using any other method, code or libraries is prohibited. Customer is solely responsible for procuring, installing and maintaining any hardware, software, or other equipment as may be necessary for Customer and its Users to connect to, access, and use the Service.
h)	RDA Component License. RDA hereby grants to Customer a worldwide, limited-term, non-exclusive, non-transferable license (except pursuant to a permitted assignment under these Terms of Use) to use the RDA Component solely in connection with the Service and in accordance with the Agreement and Documentation during the applicable Term.  
i)	RDA Responsibilities. During the Term, RDA shall: ; (a) be responsible for the performance of the RDA personnel (including employees and contractors) and their compliance with RDA’s obligations under these Terms of Use; (b) make the Service available to Customer in accordance with Applicable Laws, when used according to these Terms of Use; and (d) comply with its Privacy Policy.  

2)	USE OF SERVICE. 
a)	Applicable Policies. In addition to these Terms of Use, Customer’s and its Users’ access to and use of the Service is subject to RDA’s then-current Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Policies"). The Policies are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference. Customer acknowledges and agrees to these Policies.
b)	Customer Responsibilities. Customer is responsible for all access to and use of the Service by Customer and its Users, and shall: (a) access and use the Service only in accordance with the Agreement and Documentation; (b) promptly notify RDA of any breach of security or unauthorized access or use of Customer’s Account or any loss or unauthorized disclosure of any User IDs; (c) comply with reasonable requests made by RDA regarding configuration of Customer’s Account to optimize performance of the Service generally, (d) comply with all Applicable Laws in accessing and using the Service; (e) have sole responsibility for the accuracy and legality of Customer Data (including, for example, any Customer Data sent to, provided by or accessed by a Third Party Application that Customer links to the Service); (f) maintain and abide by a legally adequate privacy policy for each Customer Application that connects to the Service; and (g) provide notice and obtain all legally required rights, releases, and consents to allow Customer Data to be collected, processed, stored, used, transmitted and disclosed in the manner contemplated by the Agreement and the Documentation.
c)	Restrictions. Customer shall not: (a) sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, rent, or lease the Service, include the Service in a service bureau or outsourcing offering, or make the Service otherwise directly available to any third party; (b) use the Service in a manner that violates Applicable Law or any applicable Third Party Application terms; (c) use the Service to store or transmit Malicious Code; (d) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Service or third-party data contained therein; (e) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or its related systems or networks; (f) permit direct or indirect access to or use of the Service in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or bypass or breach any security device or protection included in the Service; (g) copy the Service or any part, feature, function or user interface thereof; (h) access the Service in order to build a competitive product or service or for other competitive purposes; (i) use the Service to make a decision regarding an individual based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects concerning such individual or similarly significantly affects such individual including, for example, establishing an individual’s eligibility for credit, employment or insurance; (j) use the Service for any high risk activities where the use or failure of the Service could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage; or (k) use the Service to submit, collect, transmit, process or store any Prohibited Data. RDA may, in its reasonable discretion, remove or refuse to transmit any Customer Data that violates these Terms of Use or any Applicable Laws. However,RDA has no obligation to review Customer Data (including, for example, any Email content).
d)	Third Party Applications. The Service may enable Customer to link Third Party Applications with the Service. By linking a Third Party Application with the Service, Customer: (a) authorizes RDA to access, receive and, in certain cases, store data from the Third Party Application via the Service (all such data accessed, received and/or stored being Customer Data); and (b) grants RDA permission to allow the provider of that Third Party Application to access Customer Data via the Service, in each case solely as required for the interoperation of that Third Party Application with the Service. RDA is not responsible for any usage, transmission, disclosure, loss, modification or deletion of Customer Data or any other content sent to, provided by or accessed by a Third Party Application that Customer links to the Service. Customer is solely responsible for obtaining and securing from the Third Party Application provider all rights and permissions necessary for Customer to link such Third Party Application to the Service, and RDA shall have no liability in connection therewith. Customer’s access to and use of any Third Party Application (including the linking of the Third Party Application to the Service) is subject to such Third Party Application provider’s terms and conditions that govern the access and use of the Third Party Application, or any separate agreement or transaction that Customer enters into with the Third Party Application provider, and RDA shall have no liability in connection therewith.
e)	Regulated Use. Customer is responsible for determining whether the Service is suitable for Customer to use in light of any possible Applicable Laws like the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) or the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA). RDA does not intend Customer’s use of the Service to create obligations under such possible Applicable Laws and RDA is not liable if the Service doesn’t meet the requirements of those Applicable Laws.
f)	Content Privacy. Customer acknowledges and understands that the Service includes the transmission of Emails over the public internet. Email sent using the Service may be unsecured, may be intercepted by other users of the public internet, and may be stored and disclosed by third parties (such as a Recipient’s email service provider). Although the Service include support for Transport Layer Security (TLS), Email content may be exploited if the Recipient does not also support TLS, resulting in an unencrypted transmission.

3)	FEES AND PAYMENT. 
a)	Fees. Customer shall pay all fees specified in all applicable Orders ("Fees"). Except as otherwise expressly specified herein or in an Order: (a) Fees are based on the Service subscribed to and the usage metrics specified in the applicable Order; (b) payment obligations are non-cancelable and Fees paid are non-refundable; and (c) the purchased Service subscription cannot be decreased during the relevant Term.  
b)	Invoicing and Payment. Unless an Order specifies otherwise, Fees are electronically billed upon execution of the Order.  If Customer has specified credit card, or direct withdrawal or ACH payment from a bank account, as an applicable payment mechanism under the Agreement, Customer authorizes RDA or its applicable processing agent to charge the credit card, or debit the bank account, on file for all Fees due. If Customer is using a credit card, Customer represents and warrants that Customer is authorized to use that credit card, and that any and all Fees may be billed to that credit card and shall not be rejected. If RDA is unable to process Customer’s credit card, RDA will try to contact Customer by email and may suspend Customer’s Account until payment is processed. Unless otherwise stated in the Order, all amounts payable shall be in the currency of the United States.  
c)	Payment Disputes. In the event Customer disputes any portion of the Fees paid or payable by Customer (a "Payment Dispute"), Customer must provide written notice to RDA within seven (7) days of the billing ("Payment Dispute Period") and the parties will work together in good faith to resolve the Payment Dispute promptly. If Customer does not provide written notice of the Payment Dispute within the Payment Dispute Period, Customer will not be entitled to dispute such Fees paid or payable.
d)	Late Payments. Customer’s failure to pay any undisputed amounts due under the Agreement on a timely basis will be deemed material breach of the Agreement. If any amount owed by Customer under the Agreement is overdue, RDA may, without limiting its other rights and remedies, accelerate Customer’s unpaid fee obligations under the Agreement so that all such fees become immediately due and payable. RDA shall not exercise such acceleration right specified above if Customer timely exercises its right to dispute payments in accordance with Section 4.3 (Payment Disputes). If RDA must take action to collect overdue fees under the Agreement, Customer agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by RDA for collecting such overdue fees including, for example, collection fees, reasonable attorney fees and court costs.
e)	Taxes. Fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties, or similar governmental assessments of any nature on the Service including, for example, value-added, sales, use, or withholding taxes assessable in any jurisdiction whatsoever (collectively, "Taxes"). Customer is responsible for paying all Taxes associated with its purchase(s) of the Service hereunder, excluding any taxes that relate to the income, property, or payroll of RDA. If Customer does not provide RDA with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority and RDA pays Taxes for which Customer is responsible under this Section, RDA shall bill Customer and Customer shall pay that amount to RDA.

4)	DATA. 
a)	Ownership of the Service. RDA (and its licensors, where applicable) shall own all right, title and interest, including all inventions (whether patented or not), patent applications, patents, design rights, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain name rights, mask work rights, know-how and trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights, derivatives thereof, and forms of protection of a similar nature anywhere in the world, in and to the Service and all modifications, extensions, customizations, scripts or other derivative works of the Service ("Intellectual Property Rights"). No such rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein, and RDA (and its licensors, where applicable) reserve all rights not expressly granted herein. Customer agrees not to challenge the validity of, or RDA’s ownership of, Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Service or Website or any part thereof. Customer agrees to provide RDA with reasonable assistance with enforcing its rights at its RDA’s own expense. Any enforcement of RDA’s rights, however, will remain within RDA’s sole discretion, including, whether and how to proceed with any enforcement activity.
b)	RDA Data. Unless otherwise noted within the Website or Service, RDA owns RDA Data. RDA retains all rights, title, and interest including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights to the RDA Data and all derivatives thereof.
c)	Customer Data. As between Customer and RDA, Customer exclusively own all rights, title and in and to all Customer Data and all Customer Applications. Customer hereby grants to RDA a worldwide, limited-term, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except pursuant to a permitted assignment under these Terms of Use), royalty-free license during the applicable Term to receive, copy, modify, display, store, perform and distribute copies of Customer Data solely for the purpose of providing the Service (including interoperation of the Service with any linked Third Party Applications) in accordance with the Agreement. Customer has all rights, permissions (including, but not limited to, permissions from any Third Party Application providers), and consents necessary to grant RDA the rights in the Customer Data as provided in the Agreement.
d)	GDPR Compliance.  If Customer uses the service to interact with European citizens, Customer represents and warrants, that in sending Email and/or Text messages, as well as any and all other uses of the Service, Customer will comply with all aspects of the General Data Protection Regulation.
e)	Usage Data. Customer hereby grants to RDA and its Affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, distribute, create derivative works of and otherwise use anonymous usage data derived from Customer’s and Users’ use of the Service ("Usage Data"), and to aggregate or compile Customer Data with other data, including the customer data of other RDA customers so long as such aggregation, compilation or Usage Data does not include any personal data or any data that could reasonably identify Customer, User, or Recipient, solely for its own business purposes such as operational support and planning, product innovation, and sales and marketing of RDA’s services, and to provide consultative and analytical information.
f)	Feedback. Providing any suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations, corrections, or other feedback (collectively, "Feedback") is strictly voluntary. Customer hereby grants to RDA and its Affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free license to use and incorporate any Feedback Customer provides to RDA, orally or in writing, into the Service.
g)	Backups. Customer will maintain an adequate backup of all Customer Data. RDA will not be responsible or liable for any failure to store or backup any Customer Data.
h)	Security Breach. Unless, and to the extent, notification is delayed by the actions or demands of a law enforcement agency or applicable law, RDA will report to Customer the unauthorized acquisition, access, use, disclosure or destruction of Customer Data (a " Security Breach") promptly following determination by RDA that a Security Breach occurred. The report will be made to Customer’s email address on file for the Account. RDA will take reasonable measures to promptly address the circumstances giving rise to the cause of the Security Breach and will take reasonable corrective measures to prevent future Security Breaches. Promptly after information is collected or otherwise becomes available to RDA, and unless prohibited by applicable law, RDA will provide information regarding the nature and consequences of the Security Breach as reasonably requested to allow Customer to notify affected individuals, government agencies and/or credit bureaus. Customer is solely responsible for determining its own obligations to notify impacted individuals, for providing such notice, and for determining if regulatory bodies or enforcement agencies applicable to Customer or Customer Content need to be notified of a Security Breach.


5)	CONFIDENTIALITY. 
a)	Definition of Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" means all information disclosed by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure including, for example, business and marketing plans, technology and technical information, product plans and designs, and business processes disclosed by the Disclosing Party. Customer’s Confidential Information includes Customer Data. RDA’s Confidential Information includes the Service and all non-public information relating to the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose the existence and terms of the Agreement, in confidence, to a potential purchaser or successor to any portion of such party’s business resulting from the reorganization, spin-off, or sale of all or a portion of all of the assets of any business division, or group of such party. However, Confidential Information does not include any information that: (a) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (b) was known to the Receiving Party without obligation of confidentiality prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (c) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; or (d) was independently developed by the Receiving Party without breach of this Agreement or any obligations owed to the Disclosing Party.
b)	Protection of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party will use the same degree of care to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like kind (but not less than reasonable care). The Receiving Party may not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose except as expressly permitted in the Agreement. The Receiving Party may disclose Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to its Affiliates, respective officers, directors, principals, employees, attorneys, and accountants ("Representatives") only to the limited extent necessary to carry out the purpose of the Agreement. To the extent the Receiving discloses any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any persons other than its Representatives, as condition precedent to disclosure, such recipient must execute a confidentiality no less protective of such Confidential Information before disclosure is made.
c)	Compelled Disclosure. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent compelled by law to do so, provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of the compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party’s cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing Party is a party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to that Confidential Information.

6)	REPRESENTATIONS; WARRANTIES; EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES; DISCLAIMERS. 
a)	RDA Warranty. RDA represents and warrants that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Customer the Service in accordance with the Agreement and the Documentation. RDA’s sole obligation, and Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any failure by RDA to perform in accordance with the warranty in the preceding sentence, is for RDA in its sole discretion to take commercially reasonable efforts to re-perform the affected Services or refund the Fees paid or payable for Services provided during the period of the failure.
b)	Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that: (a) such party has the legal right and authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) such party has the legal right and authority to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to grant the rights and licenses described in this Agreement; (c) this Agreement will constitute such party’s legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; and (d) no consent, approval or authorization of, or exemption by, or filing with, any governmental authority or third party is required to be obtained by such party in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement or the taking of any other action contemplated hereby, which has not been obtained.
c)	Disclaimers. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 7.1 AND SECTION 7.2: (a) RDA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY IMPLIED BY APPLICABLE LAW; (b) THE SERVICE AND ANY AND ALL CONTENT OF ANY KIND PROVIDED BY RDA IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE OR THE AGREEMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY; AND (c) RDA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE INBOX PLACEMENT RATE (SOMETIMES REFERRED TO AS MESSAGE "DELIVERY") BECAUSE OF THE GREAT NUMBER OF CONDITIONS, PRACTICES, AND REPUTATIONAL ISSUES OUTSIDE RDA’S CONTROL INCLUDING, FOR EXAMPLE, THE POSSIBILITY THAT RECIPIENTS MAY, AT ANY TIME, BE USING HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE THAT IS NO LONGER SUPPORTED PURSUANT TO THE MANUFACTURER’S END-OF-LIFE POLICY. ANY USE OF THE SERVICE BY CUSTOMER AND ITS USERS IS ENTIRELY AT CUSTOMER’S OWN RISK. IF CUSTOMER MAKES ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE, THE WEBSITE, OR THE DOCUMENTATION, THE WARRANTY IN SECTION 7.1 WILL BE NULL AND VOID. IF ANY PART OF THIS SECTION IS DETERMINED TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN ALL SUCH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES WILL BE LIMITED IN DURATION FOR A PERIOD OF THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE, AND NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS WILL APPLY AFTER THAT PERIOD.

7)	MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION. 
a)	RDA Indemnification. RDA shall defend, indemnify and hold Customer harmless from and against any third party claim, demand, suit or proceeding ("Claim") and related fees and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) made or brought against Customer alleging that the Service, as made available by RDA under the Agreement to Customer, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s copyrights, trademarks or trade secret rights under the laws of the United States. If RDA receives information about an infringement or misappropriation claim related to a Service, RDA may, in its discretion, and at no cost to Customer: (a) modify the Service so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates; (b) obtain a license for Customer’s continued use of that Service in accordance with the Agreement; or (c) terminate Customer’s subscriptions for that Service upon thirty (30) days prior written notice and refund Customer any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of the terminated subscriptions. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply to the extent a Claim arises from or relates to: (i) Customer Data; (ii) Third Party Applications; (iii) Customer’s or any User’s breach of this Agreement; (v) any modifications of the Service by or for Customer; (vi) use of the Service in combination with another product or service not provided by RDA; or (vii) failure to timely implement any modifications, upgrades, replacements or enhancements made available by RDA to Customer at no additional cost.
b)	Customer Indemnification. Customer shall defend, indemnify, and hold RDA harmless from and against any Claim and related fees and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) made or brought against RDA in connection with or arising from: (a) Customer Data or Emails; (b) Customer’s or any User’s infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights; (c) Customer’s violation of its obligation to a third party; (d) violation of Applicable Laws including the GDPR; and/or (e) Customer’s or any User’s breach of Section 3.b, Section 3.c, or Section 5.d above. This Section provides RDA’s sole and exclusive liability, and your sole and exclusive remedy, for any third party claims related to the Service or the Agreement.
c)	Indemnification Process. The indemnifying party’s obligations are conditioned upon the indemnified party: (a) giving the indemnifying party prompt written notice of the claim (provided however, the failure to give timely notice will not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Agreement except to the extent such failure materially impairs the ability of the indemnifying party to defend); (b) granting full control of the defense and settlement to the indemnifying party (provided however, the indemnified party may participate with counsel of its choosing at its own expense); (c) reasonably cooperating with the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying party’s expense with regard to out-of-pocket expenses, in defense and settlement of any such claim; and (d) not admitting any fault or liability of the indemnifying party or itself.

8)	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 
a)	Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR CUSTOMER’S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS AND CUSTOMER’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 8, NEITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER HEREUNDER IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT(S) GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF THIS SECTION IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND LIMIT POTENTIAL LIABILITY GIVEN THE SUBSCRIPTION CHARGES, WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN SUBSTANTIALLY HIGHER IF RDA WERE TO ASSUME ANY FURTHER LIABILITY OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH HEREIN. RDA HAS RELIED ON THESE LIMITATIONS IN DETERMINING WHETHER TO PROVIDE CUSTOMER THE RIGHTS TO ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICE PROVIDED FOR IN THE AGREEMENT AT THE CHARGES AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES.
b)	Exclusion of Consequential and Related Damages. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT THE CONSIDERATION RDA IS CHARGING HEREUNDER DOES NOT INCLUDE CONSIDERATION FOR ASSUMPTION BY A PARTY OF THE OTHER PARTY’S INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE STATE OR JURISDICTION.


9)	SUSPENSION; TERMINATION. 
a)	Maintenance and Downtime. RDA may, without any liability to Customer (except as set forth in the applicable Order), suspend access to the Service at any time: (a) to perform scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, modifications, or upgrades; (b) due to hardware failures, power outages, or failures of third-party providers; (c) to mitigate or prevent the effects of any threat or attack to the Service or any other network or systems on which the Service relies; (d) as necessary in our sole discretion because the Service may violate a law or regulation, or as might be required for other legal or regulatory reasons; or (e) there is another event for which we reasonably believes the suspension of the Service is necessary to protect the RDA network or our other customers (each, a "Service Suspension"). RDA will attempt to notify Customer in advance of any scheduled Service Suspension but RDA will have no liability for any damages, losses (including loss of data or profits), or any other consequences incurred as a result of a Service Suspension or the failure to provide notice thereof.
b)	Account Suspension. RDA may immediately suspend the Account, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for any reason and/or time that is reasonable under the circumstances including, for example, Customer’s failure to timely pay Fees or a suspected breach of these Terms of Use (an "Account Suspension"). During each such Account Suspension: (a) Customer’s, and all Users’, access to the Account and the Service will be suspended; (b) Customer’s obligations pursuant to the Agreement, including the obligation to pay Fees, will continue to accrue; and (c) unless RDA deems the Account and/or any of Customer Data to be potentially harmful in any way or potentially in violation of any Applicable Law, RDA will maintain the Account and not take action to delete or remove any or Customer Data stored on or within the Service.
c)	Termination. RDA may immediately terminate Agreement or the applicable Order: (a) for any or no reason during any free subscription to the Service; (b) if Customer fails to timely pay Fees. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, either party may terminate this Agreement for cause: (i) upon fifteen (15) days notice to the other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period; or (ii) if the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation, or assignment for the benefit of creditors.
d)	Consequences of Termination or Expiration. Upon the effective date of termination or expiration of the Agreement: (a) all rights, licenses, and subscriptions granted to Customer under any Order will immediately terminate; (b) Customer and all Users will immediately cease all use of, and access to, the Account, User IDs, and the Service; (c) Customer will immediately either return to RDA or, in RDA’s discretion, destroy all RDA Data, RDA Confidential Information, and User IDs that are in Customer’s and Users’ possession; (d) RDA will delete any Customer Confidential Information or Customer Data stored by the Service or otherwise by RDA within forty-five (45) days after the effective date of expiration or termination, or as required by Applicable Law. This Section notwithstanding, upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, RDA may retain Customer Data to comply with Applicable Law or as necessary to prosecute or defend any legal claim (in which case RDA may retain Customer Data for a reasonable time pending resolution of such obligation or issue).
e)	Refund or Payment upon Termination. If the Agreement is terminated by Customer in accordance with Section 10.3 (Termination), RDA will refund to Customer any prepaid Fees covering the remainder of the term of all Orders after the effective date of termination. If the Agreement is terminated by RDA in accordance with Section 10.3 (Termination), Customer will pay any unpaid Fees covering the remainder of the Term of all Orders. In no event will termination relieve Customer of its obligation to pay any Fees payable to RDA for the period prior to the effective date of termination.
f)	Survival. Sections 1 and Sections 5 through 11 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

10)	GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
a)	Notice. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices, permissions, and approvals hereunder to Customer shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given upon: (a) personal delivery; (b) the second business day after mailing; or (c) the first business day after sending by email (provided email shall not be sufficient for notices of termination or an indemnity claim). Billing-related notices to the Customer shall be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by the Customer. All other notices to the Customer shall be addressed to the relevant Service system administrator designated by the Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, RDA occasionally may need to notify Customer and Users of important announcement regarding operation of the Service, such as notice of downtime, and may provide such information by online notice. It is Customer’s responsibility to keep all email addresses associated with the Account current. Customer will be deemed to have received any email sent to any such email address, upon RDA sending of the email, whether or not Customer actually receives the email (unless RDA receives a bounce notice). All notices made by Customer to RDA must be sent to RDA, Attn: Legal, 9160 Guilford Road, Columbia, MD 21046, USA, with a copy to legal@RDA.com.
b)	Marketing. Customer agrees that RDA may use Customer’s name and logo to identify Customer as a customer of RDA on RDA’s website, and as a part of a general list of RDA’s customers for use and reference in its corporate, promotional, and marketing literature.
c)	Linked Sites. The Services and Website may contain links to third party websites not under RDA’s control. As such, RDA is not responsible or liable for the content on or the policies regarding use and privacy of any such website. If Customer access any such website, Customer does so at its own risk.
d)	Export Compliance. The Service, the RDA Component, and other technology RDA makes available, and derivatives thereof may be subject to export laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Each party represents that it is not located in any jurisdiction in which the provision of the Service, the RDA Component, or Customer Data is prohibited under U.S. or other Applicable Laws or regulations (a "Prohibited Jurisdiction") and Customer shall not provide access to the Service, the RDA Component, or Customer Data to any government, entity or individual located in any Prohibited Jurisdiction. Each party represents, warrants and covenants that: (a) it is not named on any U.S. government list of persons or entities prohibited from receiving U.S. exports, or transacting with any U.S. person; (b) it is not a national of, or a company registered in, any Prohibited Jurisdiction; (c) it shall not permit Users to access or use the Service, the RDA Component, or Customer Data in violation of any U.S. or other applicable export embargoes, prohibitions or restrictions; and (e) it shall comply with all Applicable Laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States and the country in which the Customer and any of its Users are located.
e)	Force Majeure. Except for the payment of Fees, each party will be excused from any failure or delay caused by or the result of causes beyond its reasonable control and could not have been avoided or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, but not limited to, acts of God, fire, flood, hurricane or other natural catastrophe, terrorist actions, laws, orders, regulations, directions or actions of governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the subject matter hereof, or any civil or military authority, national emergency, insurrection, riot or war, labor strikes not involving either party’s employees, general failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, general failure of the Internet, failure of Third Party Applications, failure of any third party operating systems, platforms, applications or networks not under reasonable control of RDA, or other similar occurrence.
f)	Assignment. Customer may not assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without RDA’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld); provided, however, Customer may assign the Agreement in its entirety (including all Orders), without RDA’s consent in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets to a party that is not a competitor of RDA. RDA may at any time assign, transfer, charge, subcontract, or deal in any other manner with any or all of its rights or obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.
g)	Governing Law; Jurisdiction. Each party agrees to: (a) the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to choice or conflicts of law rules and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; and the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Maryland (or any other state that could otherwise apply to this Agreement); and (b) to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Baltimore, Maryland.
h)	Disputes. The parties agree that any right to a jury trial is hereby waived and that any disputes arising out of this Agreement will be resolved by binding arbitration in Baltimore, Maryland in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
i)	Injunctive Relief. Both parties acknowledge that any unauthorized use of the Service, breach of the confidentiality, or intellectual property provisions herein may cause irreparable harm to the other party, the extent of which would be difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, both parties agree that, in addition to any other remedies to which a party may be legally entitled to, either party will have the right to seek injunctive relief in the event of such a breach.
j)	Copyright Infringement. RDA respects the intellectual property of others, and requires that our customers do the same. Customer may not upload, embed, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any person or entity. If a third party believe that his or her work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or such third party’s intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated ("Third Party Copyright Owner"), RDA’s Copyright Agent can be reached as follows: RDA, Attn: Legal, 9160 Guilford Road, Columbia, MD 21046, USA. Please provide the following information in the notice: (a) a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property claimed to be infringing; (b) a description of where the allegedly infringing material is located; (c) the Third Party Copyright Owner’s contact address, telephone number, and email address; (d) a statement by the Third Party Copyright Owner’s that he or she has a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (e) a statement by the Third Party Copyright Owner, made under penalty of perjury, that the information provided pursuant to clauses (a) through (d) above is accurate and that the Third Party Copyright Owner is the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf; and (f) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest.
k)	Federal Government End Use Provisions. This Section applies only if the Customer is the United States federal government or one of its agencies. RDA provides the Service, including related software and technology, for federal government end use solely in accordance with the following: Government technical data and software rights related to the Service include only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in these Terms of Use. This customary commercial license is provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR 12.212 (Software) and, for Department of Defense transactions, DFAR 252.227-7015 (Technical Data – Commercial Items) and DFAR 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software Documentation). If a government agency has a need for rights not granted under these terms, it must negotiate with RDA to determine if there are acceptable terms for granting those rights, and a mutually acceptable written addendum specifically granting those rights must be included in any applicable agreement.
l)	Relationship of the Parties; Non-exclusivity. The parties are independent contractors. The Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, and fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties. Nothing in the Agreement will be construed to prevent RDA from marketing, licensing, selling, or otherwise providing Service or any aspects RDA’s technology or services to any third party. Nothing in the Agreement will be construed to prevent the Customer from obtaining services similar to the Service from a third party.
m)	Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries under the Agreement.
n)	Waiver. No waiver of any term or condition of the Agreement will be construed as a waiver of any other term or condition. Waiver of any default under these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver of any other default. No waiver of any provision in these Terms of Use or any right or remedy hereunder will be effective, unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. There will be no waiver even if there is a delay in exercising or a partial exercising of any right or remedy under these Terms of Use.
o)	Severability. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
p)	Headings. The section headings appearing in these Terms of Use are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such paragraph, or in any way affect such agreements.
q)	Electronic Signature. Each party agrees that the electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties included on these Terms of Use and any Order are intended to authenticate the writing and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures. Electronic signature means any electronic, symbol or process attached to or logically associated with a record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign such record, including e-mail electronic signatures.
r)	Order of Precedence. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (a) the applicable Order (which includes the terms included in any exhibits, schedules or annexes attached to the Order and any URL links to additional terms referenced in the Order); (b) these Terms of Use (which includes URL links to additional terms referenced in this these Terms of Use); and (c) the Documentation.
s)	Entire Agreement. The Agreement is agreed to by the parties that reference these Terms of Use and all expressly referenced documents. Collectively, the foregoing constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and therefore the parties expressly disclaim all prior discussions, emails, RFPs and/or agreements between the parties. This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or communications including, without limitation, any quotations or proposals submitted by RDA. The terms on any purchase order or similar document submitted by Customer to RDA will have no effect. Unless otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, the terms of the Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by both parties that expressly refers to the Agreement.
